src/index.mdx, before:

---
name: Getting Started
route: /
---

# Getting Started

Welcome to Ample's Component Library! You're going to love it!

This library is a set of React components, built to play with Gatsby, and are designed to make you a happy developer.

Here are the basics you need to know before getting started:

## Installation

Install the library in your Gatsby project:

    $ yarn add https://github.com/ample/gatsby-theme-ample-components

Then add it to the plugins section of your `gatsby-config.js` file:

```js
// gatsby-config.js
plugins: [
  // ...
  `gatsby-theme-ample-components`
]
```

## Usage

The components that you'll want to work with are all exported from the library's main file. Thus, they can be imported using their name. For example:

```js
import { Link } from "gatsby-theme-ample-components"

const MyComp = props => <Link {...props} />
```

## Contributing

### Developing Locally

This project uses the [Docz](https://www.docz.site/) Gatsby plugin to build out a doc site. This is a great place to test your components.

You may also want to plug your component into an actual Gatsby site before submitting a pull request. To do so, begin by telling Yarn to store a reference to this library:

    $ yarn link

After following installation instructions for the library in your Gatsby project, you can then pull in the local code by running the following command from your project's directory:

    $ yarn link gatsby-theme-ample-components

### Submitting Your Code

After adding your code, [open a pull request](https://github.com/ample/gatsby-theme-ample-components/compare) for your code to be reviewed.

This will trigger a build via [the Netlify site](https://app.netlify.com/sites/gatsby-theme-ample-components), which runs the following commands:

    $ yarn lint
    $ yarn test
    $ yarn build

You may want to run those commands locally to make sure you're buttoned up before submitting a PR. Any addition or change to the components in this library should contain:

- Relevant `propTypes` and `defaultProps` properties on all components.
- Documentation of your work in all apropriate `notes.mdx` files.
- Specs for any logic-based methods.

## License

Licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ample/gatsby-theme-ample-components/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

add media query debugger and css modules
Move sass and postcss configurations here for reuse. Doing this also resolves conflicts between the theme and the project that occurs with CSS modules.

resolves #3
resolves #13

This PR is related to ample/gatsby-starter-ample#15

src/index.mdx, after:

---
name: Getting Started
route: /
---

# Getting Started

Welcome to Ample's Component Library! You're going to love it!

This library is a set of React components, built to play with Gatsby, and are designed to make you a happy developer.

Here are the basics you need to know before getting started:

## Installation

Install the library in your Gatsby project:

    $ yarn add https://github.com/ample/gatsby-theme-ample-components

Then add it to the plugins section of your `gatsby-config.js` file:

```js
// gatsby-config.js
plugins: [
  // ...
  `gatsby-theme-ample-components`
]
```

## Usage

The components that you'll want to work with are all exported from the library's main file. Thus, they can be imported using their name. For example:

```js
import { Link } from "gatsby-theme-ample-components"

const MyComp = props => <Link {...props} />
```

## Contributing

### Developing Locally

This project uses the [Docz](https://www.docz.site/) Gatsby plugin to build out a doc site. This is a great place to test your components.

You may also want to plug your component into an actual Gatsby site before submitting a pull request. To do so, begin by telling Yarn to store a reference to this library and use the React version from your Gatsby project:

    $ yarn link && npm link ../gatsby-project-directory/node_modules/react

After following installation instructions for the library in your Gatsby project, you can then pull in the local code by running the following command from your project's directory:

    $ yarn link gatsby-theme-ample-components

### Submitting Your Code

After adding your code, [open a pull request](https://github.com/ample/gatsby-theme-ample-components/compare) for your code to be reviewed.

This will trigger a build via [the Netlify site](https://app.netlify.com/sites/gatsby-theme-ample-components), which runs the following commands:

    $ yarn lint
    $ yarn test
    $ yarn build

You may want to run those commands locally to make sure you're buttoned up before submitting a PR. Any addition or change to the components in this library should contain:

- Relevant `propTypes` and `defaultProps` properties on all components.
- Documentation of your work in all apropriate `notes.mdx` files.
- Specs for any logic-based methods.

## License

Licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ample/gatsby-theme-ample-components/blob/master/LICENSE).
